Rework sieve documentation (#2216)
exercism/problem-specifications: exercises/sieve/instructions.md

# Instructions

Your task is to create a program that implements the Sieve of Eratosthenes algorithm to find prime numbers.

A prime number is a number that is only divisible by 1 and itself.
For example, 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, and 13 are prime numbers.

The Sieve of Eratosthenes is an ancient algorithm that works by taking a list of numbers and crossing out all the numbers that aren't prime.

A number that is **not** prime is called a "composite number".

To use the Sieve of Eratosthenes, you first create a list of all the numbers between 2 and your given number.
Then you repeat the following steps:

1. Find the next unmarked number in your list. This is a prime number.
2. Mark all the multiples of that prime number as composite (not prime).

You keep repeating these steps until you've gone through every number in your list.
At the end, all the unmarked numbers are prime.

```exercism/note

> [This wikipedia article][eratosthenes] has a useful graphic that explains the algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Wikipedia's Sieve of Eratosthenes article][eratosthenes] has a useful graphic that explains the algorithm.
```

I am basing this recommendation on advice I've read that told me not to write link text like "this article". Such places that I've seen this advice:

https://accessibility.huit.harvard.edu/technique-writing-link-text

> Bad example:
> I think you should read [this](#) article about link text.

https://developers.google.com/style/link-text

> Don't use phrases such as *this document*, *this article*, or *click here*.
> Also not recommended:
> For more information, see [this document](#).

Author: That's a good call. I'll be more mindful of this in the future!
